yo what is going on youtube welcome back
to another pack perfection and you know
what time it is this time for the pack
of the day hopefully I get something
sexy poo poo a lot of poo poo in this
pack but what can we do no real good
players that kind of sucks at least I
got to fitness cards those are always
really important and there's some things
I want to talk about why the games are
going up the question the days have been
epic and that's what's gonna actually
spark this conversation but as you see
the team I'm going up against it's
pretty good informed taurat gots nany
gots Valencia he gots yaya toure he has
great players man so I knew it would be
a difficult game but Gomez Gomez awesome
not one no and that's a good that's a
good start well actually in the first
round of the tournament I got kicked out
in the last episode in the semi-finals I
believe yeah it was the semi-finals so
now when the first round of this
tournament new gold tournament big nepo
won a tournament so I gotta win sooner i
could it could all be over but this is
what I want to talk about a lot of
people say skills why do you do YouTube
what makes you what makes you stay
interested in doing YouTube why do you
do it and I'm going to show you guys
what makes me continue than you do
YouTube ready ready booyah you see that
almost 8,000 people commented on the
last pack perfection that is insane and
not only that oh yeah not two thousand
eight hundred likes that will probably
go on to get 3,000 likes this is
constantly happening on every single
pack perfection the likes help the
channel grow so much you guys don't even
understand how much you guys do for this
channel when you throw a like or you
share the videos so when people say what
makes you keep going what makes you do
YouTube this makes me do YouTube this
makes you feel so amazing inside it
makes you the fact that you got 8,000
people 8,000 people replying to a stupid
question a question that that is just so
whatever but 8,000 people care to answer
my question is the reason I do this so
thank you very much for the support on
all the pack perfections on all the
videos on my players on the beasts and
feasting and and been off for just
beasts that if we stood on me haha but
thank you guys man i appreciate that's
why i do youtube you guys are epic and
keep the support up man that likes help
so much to share in the comments you
guys are awesome thank you so much now
with that being said the question a day
yesterday was who is your favorite left
backer right back in FIFA 13 and we'll
start off with this subscriber that says
have you qone throne and the Polish man
Lucas so there you have it those are his
favorite left-back sent right backs the
second subscriber says my favorite left
back is Jordi Alba my favorite right
back is Walker way too much speed haha
loads of speed on those guys I saw a lot
of guys from the from from the BPL
seriously a lot of these came in from
the BPL so I know you guys love playing
with those BPL teams the third scribus
is my favorite right back is senia work
rate and strength and my favorite left
back is Marcelo a lot of pace on book
them I quickly want to show you real
quick what my second team looks like and
this is the team i'll be playing the
next match with arshavin Coney Barry
Milner and an Italian defence let me
keep going over these what's y'all's
favorite players were favored left back
i right back and the last one actually
no two more two more I'm just kidding
this one comes from Lehman it says
left-back Gibbs he's fast and his long
shot is amazing right back LOM he's just
the Beast llama is just the beasts he's
amazing he's hard to play against that
guy should have scored right there but
get that is shut it then the last one
from this subscriber says ever and
Raphael like I said a lot of them came
from the BPL I searched for once outside
the BPO I saw a lot from what's that
guy's name Allah but I think it said the
guy from Bayern I saw a lot of him try
and think of ones I saw from outside the
BPL I saw Donna lingo a few times is it
Donnelly know was that it was those name
gunilla was his name not an illegal
Danilo the poor to write back or left
back so I saw a lot of people from from
outside the BPL but not that many there
was loads from the BPO so you guys love
your BPL football and with that being
said I'm winning this game and I could
be into the semi-finals for a second
time but I the post but not for a second
time for a bunch of times i've been in
the semi-final so many times i keep
losing nice nice Majidi spitting finish
it finish it oh yeah on my way to the
semi-finals let me quickly let me
quickly give you tomorrow's question of
the day or today's questions day for
tomorrow's episode today's question of
the day is who's your favorite cm in
this game now it could be CD at CM CDM
or cam any of those whose your favor in
the game let me know in the comments
down below if you enjoyed this episode
like it's always appreciated subscribe
if you enjoy that content remember to
leave your answer the question of the
day below go check out next video his
link is in the description down below
thank you guys so much for the support
on these videos I love every single one
of you y'all are the best I'm your boy a
nice skills and as always I will see you
next time that's abulia
you